
Rachel Cone <rachel.cone@ten10.com>
18 Mar 2019, 12:07
to Thomas, Alys, me

Feedback on Kristian Senior:

Kristian joined the Iceland team for 4 weeks to execute functional cross-browser and mobile compatibility testing on the 
new website before go live. He also continued helping on the project after the initial billing period, to help get the site
ready in time for go live launch on 10th March 2019.

Kristian was fairly quiet at the start of the project, but over time it became clear that he had a very good analytical 
understanding as he dug into the requirements to understand the basis of each test. He also found some very unique bugs, 
finding regulatory issues that could create both reputational and potentially financial damage to Iceland. Kristian also 
showed great strength of character in re-opening or re-raising bugs against a client climate of closing bugs down despite 
fixes not being released. Kristian quickly gained my trust and was able to attend defect conference call meetings alone 
with all the senior SMEs at Iceland and the development company.

Some improvement points for Kristian would be to be more proactive in terms of asking what can be done today, what else 
the team can do and working around blockers, although this is a capacity that he has been showing more towards the end of 
the project, so it would be good to see further progress with this. Another aspect would be to have more open communication
with the team, but I believe this will come with growing confidence in his own abilities and settling into the Ten10 
environment. Finally, it would be to take notes or similar as sometimes things had to be repeated a few times to him, 
taking notes would help as then he would be able to refer to these first before re-asking a question. Sometimes it was 
clear that he was re-asking as he didn't understand the answer from the first time, so I would encourage him to say if he 
doesn't understand or to ask more questions initially, as its easier to remember things once they are thoroughly 
understood.

Kristian did really well on his first project, especially in a complex project with lots of last minute changes and
de-scoping/changing requirements from the client. I would not hesitate to have Kristian on another project and look 
forward to working with him in the future.

Cheers,
Rachel

-- 
Rachel Cone
Ten10